TODO:

- Implement Telepathic altar and add other tiers of altar
- Implement anchor and persistence omens

NOTES:

Use scheduled ticks on regular blocks to do processing, not block entities.

Some altars may allow/require a barrel as part of their construction (usually just under the focus), where you put configuration
or input items.

Clairvoyant Talisman can be right-clicked onto any altar focus to print useful info into the chat

If an altar allows omens (blocks made of Omenstone) in some places, these are the modifiers:
	- Anchor: Only one anchor per altar max. Altar acts as though the focus is at that anchor's position
	- Speed: Lowers wait time between scheduled ticks.
	- Range: Increases range of effect, if one exists. Not valid in altars that have no range.
		-- Most ranged altar effects begin with a base range of just inside the altar itself
	- Persistence: Loads the chunk(s) the altar is in. (Use the method the ChunkNoGoByeBye mod uses.)
	- Efficiency: Not all altars allow this; those that do differ in their effects.

Five schools of psychic altars, each with multiple tiers:

1. Telekinetic Altar (Req: piston)
	I: Pushing entities (like fans or conveyors)
		a. The sides of the altar are made of potential fan blocks that will blow away from the altar
	II: Vacuum hopper behavior
		a. Teleports item entities in range to one of the attached barrels, if there is one
		b. If no barrel exists, will teleport the items as entities just above the focus
	III: Recharges a Telekinetic Talisman's Slow Fall ability if it's in your inventory and you're in range
		a. Can also charge talismans in attached barrels
		b. Shift-right-click the talisman in the air to activate/deactivate it
		c. When active, talisman gives you slow fall and takes 1 damage per block slow-fallen
		e. Efficiency Omen: Eff. levels are stored on talisman when charged (if greater) and determine the level of Slow Fall it gives
			i. Will only charge up to (altar_eff / talisman_eff) * 100%
	IV: Intradimensional teleportals
		a. End gateways generated with specific coords
		b. Telekinetic Talisman can be shift-clicked or clicked on altar foci to store destination or generate portal, respectively
			i. Does not require talisman to be charged
		c. Will only generate the portal if destination is within range (can upgrade with range omens)

2. Telepathic Altar (Req: zombie brains)
	I: Emotional manipulation
		a. Puts animals into Love Mode faster
		b. Efficiency Omen: +1 baby produced per omen
			i. On cycle, each baby younger than 1 cycle old gets cloned "Eff." times
	II: Persuasion
		a. Gives mobs in range slowness
		b. Efficiency Omen: +1 level of slowness
			i. After some max level, sets NoAI entirely
	III: Mental domination
		a. Makes mobs in range target other hostile mobs (MonsterEntity) instead of players or passive mobs
		b. Or sets target to null to prevent any attacks if there's no monsters in range
		c. Efficiency Omen: Gives strength (1 level / omen) to mobs in range targeting non-player mobs

3. Pyrokinetic Altar (Req: campfire)
	I: Sets non-player entities that step in range on fire.
		a. If mob is Entity#fireImmune and LivingEntity#isSensitiveToWater, apply drowning damage instead and water-drip particles
		b. Efficiency Omen: Deals extra fire (or drowning) damage per omen
			i. Just deal damage directly on cycle in addition to the other behavior
	II: Smelts item entities dropped onto it, or items in attached barrels
		a. Places in attached barrels, or drops on top of focus if no barrel is available
		b. Efficiency Omen: Ore doubling. +X% chance of doubled ore smelts per omen
			i. X = 100 / total number of allowed omens in this altar
	III: Generates lava sources at a steady rate

4. Precognitive Altar (Req: clock)
	I: Charges Precognitive Talismans in attached barrel or player inventory in range
		a. Precog Talisman can be right-clicked to skip 12 in-game hours ahead without resetting spawnpoint
			i. Set newTime = currentTime + 12000, and then ServerWorld#setDayTime to newTime - (newTime % 12000)
			ii. Check ServerWorld#tick(), just before wakeUpAllPlayers() is called, for more info
		b. Also clears insomnia stat (ServerPlayerEntity#resetStat(Stats.CUSTOM.get(Stats.TIME_SINCE_REST)))
	II: Speeds crop growth in range
		a. Adds random ticks; ensure it works with chorus plants, sugarcane, etc.
	III: Speeds ticking block entities in range
		a. Calls the tick() method multiple times per cycle for each ticking block entity in range 

5. Metavivic Altar (Req: vex soul fragments) - 4 Nether portals are on the edges of the altar itself
	I: Kills mobs in range with no loot, but a chance to capture their souls (in drops or attached barrels)
		a. Soul items can be right-clicked on a spawner to change it to that type
		b. Like a spawn egg, but it can't spawn single mobs with normal block-clicking
		c. Efficiency Omen: +X% chance of capturing a soul
			i. i. X = (100 - base chance) / total number of allowed omens in this altar
	II: Prevents hostile mob spawns in range
	III: Can charge a Metavivic Talisman in your inventory if you're in range
		a. Acts like a super totem of undying
		b. In addition to normal totem effects, also gives you:
			i. Invisibility
			ii. Teleports you to the bound altar if killed by void damage (req. 2 air blocks above focus)
			iii. Multiple uses (as long as it's charged)
			iv. Works from anywhere in your inventory, not just your hand, including Curio Charm slot
			
6. Apport Altar (Req: crafting table) (autocrafting)
	I. Autocrafts storage blocks - 2 recipes
	II. Autocrafts anything - 4 recipes
	III. Crafts top-tier items? - 8 recipes